README.md, before:

# deck2trice

Multi-source MTG deck converter for Cockatrice. Import your Magic: The Gathering decks from Moxfield, Archidekt, and other online deck builders into Cockatrice format.

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![Python 3.12+](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.12+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

## Features

- Support for multiple deck sources (Moxfield, Archidekt)
- Batch import all decks or select specific ones
- Preserves deck metadata (commanders, formats, set codes, themes)
- Simple configuration file or CLI arguments
- Auto-sync workflow for keeping decks up-to-date

## Installation

```bash
pip install deck2trice
```

Or with uv:
```bash
uv pip install deck2trice
```

## Quick Start

Create `~/.deck2trice.yml`:

```yaml
username: your_username
source: archidekt  # or moxfield
fetch_all: true
deckpath: /path/to/cockatrice/decks
decks: []
```

Then run:

```bash
deck2trice
```

## Usage

### Basic Commands

```bash
# Use config file
deck2trice

# Override config settings
deck2trice --source moxfield --username yourname --all_decks

# Specify deck path
deck2trice --deckpath "/path/to/decks"

# One-off import without config file
deck2trice --no_config --source archidekt --username yourname --all_decks

# Test run without saving
deck2trice --dryrun
```

### Configuration File

Create `~/.deck2trice.yml` with these options:

```yaml
username: your_username        # Required: Your deck site username
source: archidekt              # Required: 'moxfield' or 'archidekt'
fetch_all: true                # true = all decks, false = specific decks only
deckpath: /path/to/decks       # Optional: Where to save .cod files
decks: []                      # Specific deck IDs (when fetch_all: false)
```

### CLI Flags

All flags override config file values:

- `--source <source>` - Deck source (moxfield or archidekt)
- `--username <name>` - Your username
- `--deckpath <path>` - Where to save decks
- `--all_decks` - Fetch all decks
- `--no_config` - Bypass config file
- `--dryrun` - Test without writing files
- `--version` - Show version

## Workflows

### Auto-Sync All Decks

```yaml
# ~/.deck2trice.yml
username: yourname
source: archidekt
fetch_all: true
deckpath: /path/to/cockatrice/decks
decks: []
```

Run `deck2trice` anytime to sync all decks.

### Specific Decks Only

```yaml
username: yourname
source: moxfield
fetch_all: false
deckpath: /path/to/decks
decks:
  - deck_id_1
  - deck_id_2
```

### One-Off Import

```bash
deck2trice --no_config --source archidekt --username user --all_decks --deckpath "./decks"
```

## Supported Sources

| Source | Status | Features |
|--------|--------|----------|
| Moxfield | Full Support | Decks, commanders, sideboards, themes |
| Archidekt | Full Support | Decks, commanders, categories, tags |

Want another source? Open an issue or submit a PR!

## Output Format

Generates `.cod` files for Cockatrice with:

- Deck name and description
- Commander(s) as banner cards
- Format tags
- Set codes and collector numbers
- Scryfall UUIDs
- Themes/tags
- Sideboard and maybeboard

## Development

### Setup

```bash
git clone https://github.com/liperium/deck2trice.git
cd deck2trice
uv sync
```

### Testing

```bash
uv run deck2trice
# or
uv run -m deck2trice.main --source archidekt --username yourname --all_decks
```

### Adding a New Source

1. Create a class inheriting from `DeckSource` in `deck2trice/core.py`
2. Implement `getUserDecks()`, `getDecklist()`, and `parse_deck()`
3. Add to `create_deck_source()` factory function
4. Submit a PR

## License

Apache License 2.0 - see LICENSE file for details

## Credits

Inspired by [moxtrice](https://github.com/fecet/moxtrice) by Xie Zejian. This fork adds multi-source support and improved architecture.

## Support

- Issues: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/liperium/deck2trice/issues)
- Discussions: [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/liperium/deck2trice/discussions)

Commit message:

Update README with easier setup instructions
Highlighted the automatic config creation feature in Quick Start section.
Users can now see they just need to run with flags once, and settings
are saved for future use.

README.md, after:

# deck2trice

Multi-source MTG deck converter for Cockatrice. Import your Magic: The Gathering decks from Moxfield, Archidekt, and other online deck builders into Cockatrice format.

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![Python 3.12+](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.12+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

## Features

- Support for multiple deck sources (Moxfield, Archidekt)
- Batch import all decks or select specific ones
- Preserves deck metadata (commanders, formats, set codes, themes)
- Simple configuration file or CLI arguments
- Auto-sync workflow for keeping decks up-to-date

## Installation

```bash
pip install deck2trice
```

Or with uv:
```bash
uv pip install deck2trice
```

## Quick Start

### Easy Setup (Recommended)

Run once with your preferences - they'll be saved automatically:

```bash
deck2trice --source moxfield --username yourname --deckpath /path/to/cockatrice/decks --all_decks
# or
deck2trice --source archidekt --username yourname --deckpath /path/to/cockatrice/decks --all_decks
```

From then on, just run:

```bash
deck2trice
```

### Manual Setup

Or create `~/.deck2trice.yml` manually:

```yaml
username: your_username
source: moxfield  # or 'archidekt'
fetch_all: true
deckpath: /path/to/cockatrice/decks
decks: []
```

## Usage

### Basic Commands

```bash
# Use config file
deck2trice

# Override config settings
deck2trice --source moxfield --username yourname --all_decks

# Specify deck path
deck2trice --deckpath "/path/to/decks"

# One-off import without config file
deck2trice --no_config --source archidekt --username yourname --all_decks

# Test run without saving
deck2trice --dryrun
```

### Configuration File

Create `~/.deck2trice.yml` with these options:

```yaml
username: your_username        # Required: Your deck site username
source: archidekt              # Required: 'moxfield' or 'archidekt'
fetch_all: true                # true = all decks, false = specific decks only
deckpath: /path/to/decks       # Optional: Where to save .cod files
decks: []                      # Specific deck IDs (when fetch_all: false)
```

### CLI Flags

All flags override config file values:

- `--source <source>` - Deck source (moxfield or archidekt)
- `--username <name>` - Your username
- `--deckpath <path>` - Where to save decks
- `--all_decks` - Fetch all decks
- `--no_config` - Bypass config file
- `--dryrun` - Test without writing files
- `--version` - Show version

## Workflows

### Auto-Sync All Decks

```yaml
# ~/.deck2trice.yml
username: yourname
source: archidekt
fetch_all: true
deckpath: /path/to/cockatrice/decks
decks: []
```

Run `deck2trice` anytime to sync all decks.

### Specific Decks Only

```yaml
username: yourname
source: moxfield
fetch_all: false
deckpath: /path/to/decks
decks:
  - deck_id_1
  - deck_id_2
```

### One-Off Import

```bash
deck2trice --no_config --source archidekt --username user --all_decks --deckpath "./decks"
```

## Supported Sources

| Source | Status | Features |
|--------|--------|----------|
| Moxfield | Full Support | Decks, commanders, sideboards, themes |
| Archidekt | Full Support | Decks, commanders, categories, tags |

Want another source? Open an issue or submit a PR!

## Output Format

Generates `.cod` files for Cockatrice with:

- Deck name and description
- Commander(s) as banner cards
- Format tags
- Set codes and collector numbers
- Scryfall UUIDs
- Themes/tags
- Sideboard and maybeboard

## Development

### Setup

```bash
git clone https://github.com/liperium/deck2trice.git
cd deck2trice
uv sync
```

### Testing

```bash
uv run deck2trice
# or
uv run -m deck2trice.main --source archidekt --username yourname --all_decks
```

### Adding a New Source

1. Create a class inheriting from `DeckSource` in `deck2trice/core.py`
2. Implement `getUserDecks()`, `getDecklist()`, and `parse_deck()`
3. Add to `create_deck_source()` factory function
4. Submit a PR

## License

Apache License 2.0 - see LICENSE file for details

## Credits

Inspired by [moxtrice](https://github.com/fecet/moxtrice) by Xie Zejian. This fork adds multi-source support and improved architecture.

## Support

- Issues: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/liperium/deck2trice/issues)
- Discussions: [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/liperium/deck2trice/discussions)
